# Einstein-Gauss-Bonnet-Gravity
The present codes were devised for the study of Einstein-Gauss-Bonnet models for the inflationary era with respect to the GW170817 event. The whole premise was the construction of a theory which produces primordial gravitational waves which propagate through spacetime with the velocity of light. Such an assumption constrains the overall phenomenology. Also, since the aforementioned constrained is assumed, string corrections are effectively neglected. This is an approximation along with the slow-roll conditions that it is afterwards validated from numerical analysis. Here, only one case is presented where the scalar potential is designated freely and the Gauss-Bonnet scalar coupling function is derived from the continuity equation of the scalar fieldhowever working the other way around is also a viable option. The current model is presented for the sake of generality, this however does not imply that the code executes the orders fast, since everything is designated as a function and the respective Gauβ-Bonnet scalar coupling function is quite intricate. However, the devised code is quite flexible and can be used to study other not so intricate models. Furthermore, it is presented in the non-minimally coupled case for the sake of generality. In fact, for the non-minimally coupled case, one needs to specify only the non-minimal scalar function and the respecive form of the time derivative of Hubble. Articles reffering to such model construction are available in the comments. Such code is of course available both for use and distribution. 
